The Register Widget (#2412)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/Starter-Kit-TEMP/Widgets/index.md

Below you can see an example that uses the back and white feature, and has two logos.
![movePage.jpg](images/Logos.png)

### The Register Widget

![movePage.jpg](images/The-Register-Widget.png)

> This Widget lets you create a register element on your page, where people can register for an account on your page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This widget lets you create an element on your page, where people can register for an account on your website.
```

> They will register by filling out the fields, which are Name, Email, and Password, and finalizing by pressing the register button, after doing that they will get a success message that their sign up was successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They will register by filling out the fields, which are Name, Email, and Password, and finalizing by pressing the Register button. After doing that they will get a message saying that their sign up was successful.
```

Below you can see an example that uses the back and white feature, and has two logos.
![movePage.jpg](images/Logos.png)

### The Register Widget

![movePage.jpg](images/The-Register-Widget.png)

This widget lets you create an element on your page, where people can register for an account on your website.
They will register by filling out the fields, which are Name, Email, and Password, and finalizing by pressing the Register button. After doing that they will get a message saying that their sign up was successful.

> In the backoffice you will be able, to see your registerd members by clicking, onto the members tab, here you can edit members or view, how many members that you have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the backoffice you will be able to see your registerd members by clicking onto the Members tab. Here you can edit members and view how many members you have.
```

> The setup options, for this widget is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setup options for this widget is as follows:
```
